So what happens if your punty is
off-center, but the top of your
piece is too
hard to support with the tweezers? You can
see right now, I've already heated up
this lip, and I can't really grab it very
well with the tweezers. Well, there's
another technique called the wiggle,
where you take your newspaper, or the
carbon pad in this place, and you find
the high spot, which is right there, and
support it a little bit, and just push it
up. So we're just going to
push the piece back on center,
like that.
Now the trick with this is you've got to
keep the paper moving. If you stop the
paper, it'll stick to the glass. But if
you keep it moving, it's another way to
grab it and sort of push that piece back
on center.
And we true it up a little bit with the
jacks.